Things I learned about Meteor.js

Goal is two ship this product out in 2 weeks
  - document the process
  - take pictures of the written work, wireframes
  - schemes and room states

  - actual/reality timeline
  - how long it took to finish each feature

1. Hot code loading

Seems a lot less initial setup, you can get right to coding what you actually want
But maybe this limits the creativity or bandwidth later on, unsure.

Meteor 1.3 and beyond now include support for the /imports directory.
Unlike the /client and /server directories where all code is loaded automatically
  following a specific load order, any code within the project's /imports directory is not loaded automatically.
  This means that anything placed in this directory must be loaded explicitly in the application.
  Otherwise, our application won't see it.


2. CSS

p tags have automatic spacing above and beneath

remember order matters
what comes last will take precedence

3. Debugging in server side Meteor.js
  terminal: "meteor debug"
  open browser "http://localhost:8080/?port=5858"
  or whatever port the terminal prompts you to





Things to do
  - add in the special Presidential abilities
    policy Peek
    Execution
    legislative Loyalty
    call special election
  - add in veto power

  - play again logic, reset

  - add revealing what people voted "yes or no"

  - write the logic to pass over any executive action if the fascist policy was enacted via election tracker
    don't need to because the fascist policy count will increase outside the "discard" method

    If there are only five players left in the
    game, only the last elected Chancellor is
    ineligible to be Chancellor Candidate; the
    last President may be nominated.
     - I set this rule to be if three players are left, since I think its better this way. but this can be easily updated.



If I were to Dry up this code.
Definitely break game.js and game.html into small components
Then take main.js and dry up the code but utilize the utils.js in server directory more
  create Utils.functions that will do certain tasks that are used more than once (i.e. drawing policies from drawpile)
  make "check function" that runs after every Meteor.method...in which all the vote, election tracker, reset logic can live here

Bugs

1. current is after initial chancellor vote - vote failed
 - electiontracker displays
 - but there is no visual change or movement of the president placard
Solved
 - couldn't read property in votefailed/votepassed. Spelling error of roomId

2. Cannot read property 'playerId' of undefined.
Which means the undefined is room.players[room.currentChancellor].playerId
First time checking for chancellor in which the default has currentChancellor = -1
room.players[-1] <--- would equal undefined
Solved
 - another typo - main.js 271 players missing an 's'

3. Error invoking Method 'vote' (after three yes in a game of 3)
  update.policychoices wasn't defined in that scope
  need to pull from room.policychoices first then reupdate


4. Double clicking policy cards...seem to update one instance of the room to register more than once
    which can cause premature gameover
Solved - JK not a double click - but Hitler became chancellor after 3 fascists policies


5. There is a bug in which after passing a liberal policy.
  Then the execution doesn't happen the next time a fascist policy is passed
Solved - I guess there was no bug. Or glitch only happened once when server coded didn't save thus didn't refresh
  this bug put on the back burner


After deploying to heroku

6. extra policy card
// bugs to fix. election tracker didn't move
// after an investigative loyalty
// so we failed twice and the election tracker hit 2 then reset to 0
// and a policy was enacted
// somewhere in my code. election tracker is being added twice on two seperate occasions
or maybe policychoices is being added to policy count, fascist or liberal

roger - mobile was first president
round one picked sam the next person to be chancellor
vote was passed - fascist policy enacted
investigate policy was active - roger investigated jeremy
sam picked christine which is two persons away as chancellor
vote was failed
election tracker went to 1
jeremy picked christine
vote was failed
election tracker jumped to 2
then fascist policy was enacted
and tracker went to 0

The bug could have to do with mobile device...



Further stretch goals
  - add the ability to edit name, maybe a modal
